<iframe width="960" height="729.2193308550186" data-original-width="1614" data-original-height="1226" src="https://www.thinglink.com/card/1496683513179537409" type="text/html" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen scrolling="no"></iframe><script async src="//cdn.thinglink.me/jse/responsive.js"></script>
### Introduction  
I created an interactive map of CNU using the ThingLink website. This map brings the user through my favorite memories at CNU over the three years I’ve been here. As I skipped freshman year from high school credits, the map reviews four core memories from each year I have spent at CNU. I decided to focus on these four core memories as they are something I hold close to my heart and something I hope others would see and find exciting.  
The map tells the story of how I have grown over the years, from some of my silly mistakes in my first year to a person who is surrounded by support and love in my last year.  

### Developing My Map  
While reviewing this assignment, I went through many possible storylines. During the brainstorm we had in class I was convinced that my best way to go was to make a map of a week in my life as a CNU senior. Shortly after, I realized that the story was boring and not my best avenue. After much deliberation, I decided to go with four key memories from each year I have spent at CNU.  
After deciding my story, I was a little lost on where to go. Which memories were going to be the most interesting and meaningful to me? Luckily, our class was given a day off to gather all of the photos, videos, etc. that we needed. I spent that time sitting at my desk going through my camera roll and Snapchat memories trying to decide the memories I wanted to include. I found videos that brought me back to a time that I was depressed and constantly angry at myself for not being better. It is extremely enlightening watching these old videos of myself and relating to her, but also feeling sad for her. If only she knew who she would become today, a happy, strong woman.  
I spent hours going through the memories and making a list of possible pictures and videos I would like to use. I had some trouble getting my google photos and videos to download as a .jpeg and .mp4. After spending a lot of time on this, I became frustrated that I did not understand how to convert the files. I have always known that I am not the best at technology, but the more time I spent on it the angrier I became at myself. In the long run, I just decided to use the videos and pictures that would download correctly to ease some of my tension.   
Once I had all the media I wanted to use, I began to insert them into my ThinkLink CNU map. I made sure to choose icons that matched with the memory the most. Additionally, I made all of the icons from each year the same color. First-year memories are yellow. Second-year memories are green. Third-year memories are red. With each picture, I added a description of why the memory meant so much and for many some context of the memory itself.  
I had some trouble figuring out how to describe the memories in a way that others would understand. All the photos and videos bring me flashbacks of the time they were taken, but how am I to describe such a vivid memory to my reader? How can I convey my terror when I looked in the mirror and saw my bright orange hair freshman year? I wanted the reader to feel the pure joy I felt when my roommates and I decided to go flying down the stairs the first week of senior year. I spent hours figuring out how to communicate these memories in a way that might spark emotion in my reader.  
